you guys were so cute together can't
there be some hope
no because we're not doing hope today i
think that's probably a sign you need to
get out of your apartment you need to
stop being such a shut-in
we never go out because i like being at
home with you
then i want to stay inside and feel
sorry for myself all day
hey hey there you go 15 bucks we saw
that car what about the lady who lives
here
we broke up it's too bad she used to tip
misha left you
shame she seemed so fun ah get it she
was amazing
come on i lock myself out of my
apartment
without your shoes sucks oh it's dumb
well it looks like a beautiful day
i was wondering if i could climb out on
your fire escape and i hope that i'm not
interrupting
hi yes we're in a relationship wow hey
you
what are you doing do you know this man
are we done here neal
you got my keys i don't know which they
are you and esha broke up but you're
still moving her car i'm here i'm here
i'm here
shouldn't you be out arresting real
criminals or something city drivers are
a real criminal says who
says me who are you someone who knows
what do you do i cut in memoriam videos
of old celebrities
you make eulogies for people who aren't
dead yet that's dark
you ever been cheated on probably
charles it was one time
i know isha feels bad about it
[Music]
how do you not get jealous because life
is short i think it's good to have a
little fire burning
do you miss her sure then go get it
romeo
time's short no time for relaxing
[Music]
okay one two three
oh what the that was bad
hey yo thank you
the rap world's biggest star was
murdered last night
my son was shot
20 years ago you were the lead detective
on the greek small case right
some suspect the shooting of the
notorious b.i.g is retaliation
for last year's murder of tupac shakur
i think he didn't have
as long as it's an ongoing investigation
some evidence stays locked away in the
dark
who shall be smokes
it's a riddle
hi i'm mickey
it was really nice to meet you and thank
you for not being an
try not to be an ass yes
you don't have your keys right you want
to go to an island
i go back to the stage tomorrow i'm
gonna miss this right
you're in love with
[Applause]
[Music]
let's be rumors what's coming
everything everything
chloe gaines you are the sexiest woman i
know
you guys want to be chloe's family
[Music]
are you even serious he usually leaves
with one
now he comes in with one huh well good
to know
thank you people change so
[Music]
[Applause]
you are not happy unless you're failing
mickey's not the same as he was six
years ago mickey's a baby
he's a little boy
you're desperate to blow this thing up
because it's still good
she loves you and she makes you happy
just purely innocent romantic just love
at first sight
it was actually
[Applause]
how about the pickups i hear there's a
problem
you forget who you're talking i'm the
former police commissioner
as a woman you're a caretaker hey damon
[Music]
where is she you do what i tell you to
do and everything will be just fine
i need you tonight using some of your
old skills
five stops five pickups
there are too many people waiting for me
to make this mistake you ran
drugs for the russians you're a courier
in and out of moscow
who is she you know who she is just stay
out of her way
something's not right
[Music]
if i was you i'd be worried about all
the scumbags
i need to know right now are you in or
out
let's do this i will
find you you got three more stops
i need to get my daughter back
and it is not safe for me out there i
don't see that you have
much choice time is not your friend
[Music]
three more stops two more stops
one more
get rid of that for me
listen i have a story for you something
the examiner will love
a healing possibly divine
a girl performing miracles after a
visitation from the virgin mary
chicago new york dc every demographic on
this planet
is eating this up give me the exclusive
all right i think i got this all set up
what do you say we do a couple
real easy questions many are gonna watch
mary wants to reach as many people as
possible
maybe millions
[Music]
there are people out there that don't
believe in your miracles
how would you respond to those folks
[Music]
seeing is believing and why do you think
mary chose you
i opened myself up and welcomed her in
witnesses of the virgin mary draw
millions of faithful
each year the vatican's been tasked to
investigate
this visitation from the blessed virgin
i have read several libraries worth on
the supernatural
investigate half of those miracles
prove him all false
[Applause]
[Music]
she's here you think there could be
other forces at play here
when god builds a church the devil
builds a chapel
next door don't doubt her
doubt weakens faith
[Applause]
[Music]
hail mary full of grace pray for us
sinners
now and at the hour of our death
this is not the work of the virgin mary
it's the work of the unholy
faith in evil and poverty
believe in her
your souls
to mary
holy mary mother of god the lord is with
you
[Music]
be quick and explosive you want to get
the jump
which one of you butthole is next okay
danny
takes eight pounds of pressure to break
your humors
we need a ringer
[Music]
oh danny i'm sorry i punched you in the
breast
no it felt really cool come with me on
the road i'm wrestling isn't going to
solve my problems anymore
i'd like to have my scone that comes
free with my order
okay okay have a great day
i think you really need this
[Music]
look who the cat dragged in randy see at
the table ladies well has this been
wiped down recently she's got this
i'm gonna have you fill in for me at the
nationals
that's insane it's 15 000 insane but
first we train she doesn't
have to fight in her
[Music]
it's like a little fit just let her get
it out what pisses you
off
[Music]
we may just be in the presence of a
golden arm
weak ineffectual oh but she has got one
damn powerful arm i'm scared
i am a golden iron
you can't go out there with your balls
out you gotta get out there with your
legs out
[Laughter]
the smiths broke up what
you know the smiths may be dead but all
the albums are still here
i wish there was a way to get all the
posers in this town to take notice
i did have an idea something that would
go down in musical history
impress me what do you want
there is a young man in the radio
station pointing a gun
so um for the rest of the night i will
be bringing you
the music of the smiths
don't touch that time
this night we'll open our eyes
i'm just out to have a good time all the
rest is propaganda
so what do i do i dedicate a song
[Music]
to the charming man holding the radio
station hostage
thank you from all of us right guys
[Applause]
[Music]
the smiths are the only band that
matters clearly never listen to twisting
sister
our father who art in heaven hallowed be
thy name
may your kingdom come may your will be
done
[Music]
amen
father daniel i would like you to meet
father peter costello
father daniel comes highly recommended
as our newest and finest recruit
what did the archbishop tell you about
me you're the best sexer says there is
what he didn't tell you was that they
can teach you the prayers but that's not
what separates us from your average
priests
you need to be willing to put yourself
at risk
change those clothes you look like a
priest
an exorcist doesn't hide from evil he
runs toward it
you know what i witnessed it's the
epitome of darkness
this young boy needs help i saw this on
the news this morning he murdered his
family
so what are you waiting for
[Music]
i know you
father day you
are my dream
[Music]
that demon was the strongest i've ever
seen
[Music]
evil is clever you need to know army
and an army needs soldiers
[Music]
so they can grow more and more powerful
never scored a cello
[Music]
i saw something out there
someone
[Music]
the largest organism on the planet lives
right here
growing waiting
and it's ready to spread
safe with animals
[Music]
foreign
do you know what the most important
thing in life is
perseverance
[Music]
what do you want to know ask me
something
where am i who are you i'm a journalist
lost my own crew today why is he
torturing us he thinks we have
information
do we kill
[Music]
him
as soon as we talk tell us
who are you really the guys
he used to call me wildcat
you know what i see when i look at you
fear
i'm going to die any minute
you wanted to get in my head i got in
yours
[Music]
i'm here because of my mom me too
mela please don't ask a million
questions oh come on now give me some
credit
hey hi does anyone call you danny uh not
really where are your parents room you
don't have to
and she's always been quirky i can't
help it i'm inquisitive
maybe a little neurotic it's loaded with
saturated fats i clog your arteries
oh i bet nothing like this
what are you doing shh the neighbor
threw a rock at me
what yeah i was doing laundry i heard a
bang
aren't you scared that he's gonna murder
you and asleep and bury you in this yard
oh my god well i wasn't until now she
thinks
our neighbor is stalking her climbing on
her roof
every little noise she believes is an
attack he's paying me to follow him
how do i convince my mom that it's all
in her head that's gonna be hard
she's off the edge
i'm not gonna sit back and do nothing do
you have any idea what i'm going through
did it even occur to you that i just got
fired from my job
[Music]
there's a mistake waiting to happen
i don't need you in my life look what he
did to us my own daughter he turned
against me
[Music]
please
amelia and her father they're all i have
promise me i need to know that they will
be safe
out
protect the package
dea can we come in please need help
what happened is he hurt is this a
medical facility oh yeah
these people are under my protection as
possible witnesses in federal trial
we are followed and followed
some very bad men stay right there
you in charge here yes
where's the girl i don't know the
you girl you can turn your back on us
you have something that belongs to me
where's the code
the most important single factor in the
south african army
the soldier all our efforts are directed
at
equipping him physically and otherwise
the defense of our country
thank you all for being with us to send
off my firstborn
to do his military service jeff he'll be
okay sir
show them what you're made of
[Music]
friends
do whatever you can to stay invisible
i'm not like you
[Applause]
my questions
disappear
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
true
theory about september
la
i think your car is broken sir i
expected more from you matthew
is this who you want to be
they say the summer when you finish
school is the best time of your life
your final summer of freedom when you
become a man
it's important
we just didn't realize how important it
would be
[Music]
boys we're free i love you
i think you look great pregnant has
anyone ever told you you have an
extremely punchable face
[Music]
i saw a girl get knocked over today
she died but you're fine
[Music]
[Applause]
well that's final big blowout of the
summer
god is in his church
ladies and gentlemen the real man what
was in the bag sugar
what do you think was in the bag with
you you knew what he was like i told you
[Music]
body of christ
you